In this experiment, you will listen to Japanese speech and indicate whether it contains a foreign accent, as well as your impression of the speech.
Audio will play in this video. While watching, please adjust the volume of the experiment audio as needed.
You may pause the video.
Please adjust the volume on your own device, not on the video player.
In this video, three example sentences will be played.
After pressing the Start Test button, the audio will begin about 1.5 seconds later.
Each audio clip is played only once; you cannot pause or replay it.
First, please indicate whether you heard a foreign accent.
There are no right or wrong answers—please respond as you feel.
There is no time limit for your response.
Next, please select one to three impressions of the audio.
If you have any comments, you may write them freely.
Once you click "Next," you cannot return to the previous screen.
After clicking "Next," the next audio will play after about 1.5 seconds.
There are ten sentences in total.
For each sentence, please indicate whether it had a foreign accent and what impression it gave you.
In this video, the question parts for the second and third sentences are omitted.
You can check your current progress (which sentence you are on) here.
After completing all responses, you will proceed to questions about your background information.